 1. What is Semantic HTML?
It helps to reinforce the meaning of content on a web page and helps with accessibility and search engines to help determine the web content more easily. 
2. What is HTML used for? 
It’s used to create electronic documents (pages) that are displayed on the world wide web.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
It defines characteristics or properties of an element and should be added to the start tag.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Makes <h1></h1> the most important title on the page, should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
 Img & href
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata, define document, character sets, styles, scripts etc.
7. What is an id? 
An id attribute specifies a single unique attribute for an element. 
8. What elements can I add an id to? Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? An attribute that specifies a name for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? No limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It’s alternate text for an image, so if someone can’t see the image it will provide a description. 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A div is to divide sections on the page whereas a section is used to separate each different section in the page. Section is semantic whereas div is not. 
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling and presentation
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. Class is more than one element whereas id can only be given to one element. class=”fun” id=”bottom”
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When you want both parent child to have the same elements. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Div.sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? It specifies a certain state in the selected element. :hover for example. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-transform: CAPITALS, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
  border: 1px;
  border-style: dotted;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? Ctrl-A or command-A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  It says it within the terminal before the $ symbol
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm<file>, It removes it permanently  
    34. Why should I use version control? To keep track of changes and keep the team aware of all changes.
    35. How often should I commit to github? About every 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	-Create my own version of repo by forking it. 
	-Make sure my forked version is correct with my username
	-Set my TL as a collaborator on my forked repo
	-Clone my repo
	-Go into the file via terminal that I’d like to clone my forked repo
	-Use the git clone command
	-cd into that new repo
	-Create a branch with my first and last name (git checkout -b firstname-lastname)
	-add changes (git add .)
	-commit those changes (git commit -m “add a message”)
	-Push the changes back up to Github repo (git push -u origin branch-name) (my branch name) 
	-Go back to my forked project repo on github
	-Make sure I’m on the forked copy
	-Click on branch:master and select my branch
	- Click new pull request
	-At the pull request page make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to my forked repo instead of the original one. 
	- Add TL to the reviewers 
	-Submit the pull request
	-Don’t merge my own pull request

https://codepen.io/wednesdayw/pen/QWymVeZ
